clarify messenger:consume params (#358)
mautic/user-documentation: docs/configuration/cron_jobs.rst

.. vale on

> If the system configuration is queueing Emails, a cron job processes them. If you plan to run `messenger:consume` on a cron you should include, at minimum one of these parameters `--memory-limit`, `--limit` (number of emails), `--time-limit` otherwise, this will start up a long-lived process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the system configuration is queueing Emails, a cron job processes them. If you plan to run `messenger:consume` on a cron you should include, at minimum, one of these parameters `--memory-limit`, `--limit` - the number of emails - or `--time-limit`, otherwise this starts up a long-lived process.
```

Reviewer: Would it be helpful to show how you'd use this in real life with an example command, so people understand how to specify the numbers?

Author: > Would it be helpful to show how you'd use this in real life with an example command, so people understand how to specify the numbers?

I did update the [command just below](https://github.com/mautic/user-documentation/pull/358/files#diff-84e2392b487553c90d7101e25e7ace972ea4af522f73c2d5fdbab3b191187944R119). Maybe there should be more?

Reviewer: That's great, I think you updated it as I wrote the comment!

> If the system configuration queues Emails, a Cron job processes them. If you plan to run `messenger:consume` using a Cron job, you should include at least one of these parameters: `--memory-limit`, `--limit` - the number of emails - or, `--time-limit`; otherwise, the command starts a long-lived process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the system configuration queues Emails, a Cron job processes them. If you plan to run ``messenger:consume`` using a Cron job, you should include at least one of these parameters: ``--memory-limit``, ``--limit`` - the number of emails, or ``--time-limit``; otherwise there's a chance of the command starting a long-lived process.
```

I think this works better when reading it, see what you think. Double backticks are needed for inline code on RST, also!

Author: :thinking: "there's a chance" is a little less than clear in this case. If the user doesn't use one of those params it **is going to** start a long-lived process and use memory until the host goes OOM and dies

Author: ```suggestion
If the system configuration queues Emails, a Cron job processes them. If you plan to run ``messenger:consume`` using a Cron job, you should include at least one of these parameters: ``--memory-limit``, ``--limit`` - the number of emails, or ``--time-limit``. This starts a long-lived process and continues to run without one of these parameters.
```
WDYT?

Reviewer: Ah OK, sounds good!

Reviewer: Did you want to go ahead and resolve the conversations, then we can get this merged.

> .. code-block:: php

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: bash
```

I think this needs to be bash rather than php, perhaps.

Author: Yeah, likely correct. That was in place before I got here but happy to make it correct :)
